Hey welcome aboard my hot-air balloon
all of course supply the hot air and we
got a hurry
lots of little-known facts to discover
about different countries around the
world here we go
Canada the land of indestructible
rainbow money they've got red blue
purple and yellow bills it's also made
of plastic so it's almost impossible to
get soggy wet tear or burn no need to
empty your pants pockets before laundry
day money in Israel has Braille written
on it for the blind by the way this
country also has the most museums in the
world when you count per person if you
put all of China's railroads together
the system could loop around the earth
twice and despite its large size China
has only one time's up so in some parts
of the country sunrise can happen as
late as 10 a.m.
[Music]
Argentina is named after the Latin word
for silver Argenta and don't forget to
check your calendars there's a tradition
in Argentina to eat potato gnocchi at
the end of every month so don't forget
in Ethiopia calendars have 13 months
instead of 12 and if you ever wanted to
time travel
here's your destination their calendar
is also eight years behind the one most
of the world uses Ethiopians are aware
of that by the way some even use both
calendars you could be eight years
younger in Ethiopia or one year older in
Korea when you were born there you're
considered a year old already hmm
which would you rather have people in
Cambodia don't celebrate their birthday
at all some might not even know when it
is it's especially true about older
generations about 1/4 of Finland is in
the Arctic Circle which means in those
lands the Sun doesn't rise for 51 days
and doesn't set for 73 in winter but at
least some nights you can't see the
aurora borealis or more commonly known
as the Northern Lights and if you like
sipping hot cocoa near a crackling fire
on a beautiful winter day especially
when you should be shoveling off the
driveway
you must love all things cozy well head
to Denmark they have a special word
Huget which symbolizes a mode of
wellness contentment and comfort
Indonesia is where you'll find the
largest and smelliest flowers in the
world
the rafflesia arnoldii can weigh up to
15 pounds and grow 3 feet across pedal
to pedal don't lean in too close though
this thing smells like meat that's gone
bad
watch out don't get wet oh it's just
Bulgarian spilling water for success as
a tradition whenever a loved one has a
special occasion and will need luck
others spill water at the entrance of
the house Yerevan
the capital of Armenia is known as the
pink city because well just look at a
lot of the buildings they weren't
painted that color the hue comes from a
rose-colored volcanic ash used to build
them you might easily be misunderstood
in Albania there people shake their head
back and forth for a positive answer and
not up and down when they mean no we're
in Greece now so be careful not to wave
here that gesture is considered rude
instead greet people with a closed palm
also don't get offended if they spit at
you they're just trying to protect you
from bad spirits hey it's all Greek to
me there's a huge carpet museum in Baku
Azerbaijan that looks like a giant
carpet oh yeah and the land of fire has
been burning for thousands of years
literally the country's mysterious
ground fire survived rain snow and wind
they puzzled Marco Polo back in the 13th
century and were revered by ancients now
we know it's just natural gas leaking
out of underground reserves and catching
fire
welcome to spa Belgium the town that
gave us the word for that relaxing place
we loved so much it was popular even in
ancient Rome people came to this place
to bathe in mineral springs and drink
healing water blink and you'll miss tiny
Andorra good thing we're in a hot-air
balloon and not a plane this is one of
the few countries in the world that
doesn't have an airport the peaks of the
Pyrenees Mountains won't allow it they
do have a handful of heliports though
the number 96 is very important in
Hungary the first king was crowned in
896 Budapest subway was built in 1896
the Hungarian national anthem should be
sung in 96 seconds and finally buildings
in Budapest must not exceed 315 feet or
you guessed it 96 meters another
interesting number is 17 which is
considered bad luck in Italy it comes
from the Roman numeral 417 which is an
anagram of the word D ixi which means my
life is over in Latin that's why a lot
of buildings in Italy have no 17th floor
there were no our seventeen model was
even sold there as the are 177 San
Marino has more cars than people there
are 1100 39 vehicles per 1000 people
well it's nice to have an extra set of
wheels
and sheep in New Zealand outnumber
humans by six to one
they also broadcast an official weather
forecast in the elvish language in 2012
people did not the sheep that reminds me
you can find small elf houses around
Iceland or to learn more about them you
can even go to the official elf school
not sure if they teach elfish there or
not check it out 90% of Australians live
on the coast it's because everything
else in the continent is a vast desert
Australia also has the most beaches if
you went to a new one each day it would
take you 27 years to visit all the
countries 10,000 beaches the Philippines
public transport consists mostly of
jeepneys their small buses painted and
designed by local artists in bright
vivid colors the country is also home to
a type of scum called stink badgers so
now you know ah India the land of huge
colorful festivals birthplace of the
snakes and ladders board game among many
other things and home to the world's
largest film industry yes in 2012 alone
Bollywood produced three times more
films than Hollywood if you're ever
bored in the UK head to the cheese
rolling competition the rules are simple
around cheeses roll down a hill and the
contestants must chase it the first one
to make it to the bottom or catch the
cheese wins if they cut the cheese then
it's something else entirely
a country known for its cleanliness and
forests Belarus makes the largest dump
truck in the world
behold the villas 75710 its tires alone
stand taller than the typical dump truck
you see on the roads Malta
home of malted milk no not really
it's the place of world famous
lace-making glassblowing handmade
jewelry and clocks and of course those
Paradise Island vibes but if you could
vacation there about 17,000 years ago
you wouldn't be on an island Malta was
connected to the European continent
South Africa has the largest impact
crater in the world you could fit the
entire city of Honolulu in it it's also
one of the oldest scientists believe a
meteorite created the vredefort crater
around 2 billion years ago for
comparison the earth is 4 and 1/2
billion years old
if you ever go in a first date in Japan
or Korea don't be surprised if the
person across the table asks what's your
blood type they believe blood type and
personality are directly connected so
they have no problem asking somebody
about it you can even buy products
specifically for your type and dating
someone with a compatible blood type is
preferred hey don't be negative it's
what they do
usually there are two to ten national
languages in any given country but Papua
New Guinea is where the most languages
are spoken in one place although they
have three national languages English
being one of them you can find over 820
languages spoken among locals try to
learn all of those in a lifetime cool
you've probably never heard of the small
island nation knew it
there in the South Pacific Ocean not far
from New Zealand with a population of
only one thousand one hundred ninety
it's the world's first and only Wi-Fi
nation which means everybody gets free
Wi-Fi bogota colombia is home to some
incredible graffiti art every year they
hold a street art competition there a
huge public space and all needed
materials are given to the winner now if
everyone in the entire world all seven
point eight billion of us stood
shoulder-to-shoulder we'd all fit into
Los Angeles and here's a fun la fact
when it was first founded it was called
my Spanish is a little rusty here you
read it el pueblo de nuestra senora
reina de los angeles so del
reapportioned cola
yeah what she said which means the town
of Our Lady the Queen of Angels of the
poor CEO nicola river whoo that's a
mouthful hey I love LA two syllables
what's not to love